Be a bit more prescriptive about storage (#1835)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/storage-limits.md

💡 [Team or Enterprise Organizations](https://huggingface.co/enterprise) include 1TB of private storage per seat in the subscription: for example, if your organization has 40 members, then you have 40TB of included private storage.

> *We aim to continue providing the AI community with free storage space for public repositories, please don't abuse and upload dozens of TBs of content with limited interest to other users. We ask that you consider upgrading to PRO and/or Enterprise Hub whenever possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*We aim to continue providing the AI community with free storage space for public repositories, please don't abuse and upload dozens of TBs of content with limited interest to other users. We ask that you consider upgrading to [PRO, Team or Enterprise](https://huggingface.co/pricing) whenever possible.
```

maybe?
